1. The committee which designs the standards & characteristics for the cloud computing is
	NIST
2. Cloud-computing providers offer their services as
	IaaS, PaaS, SaaS
3. Developers and organizations all around the world leverage extensively
	PaaS
4. mixes the simplicity of ___ with the power of _____, to great effect.
	PaaS, SaaS, IaaS
5. I have some private servers on my premises, also I have distributed some of my workload on the public cloud, what is this architecture called?
	Hybrid Cloud
6. All Amazon services supports region?
	False
7. What are the measures to be taken to ensure maximum availability?
	Auto Scalling in different AZs
8. What does ARN stand for?
	Amazon Resource Name
9. Which is more secure?
	VPC Security Group
10. How can you integrate IAM with data centers security?
	SAML
11. Only 1024 objects can be placed on S3 bucket?
	false
12. Which AWS services will you use to collect and process e-commerce data for near real-time analysis?
	Both DynemoDB and Redshift
13. EC2 stands for
	Elastic compute cloud
14. How do you access data on Elastic block storage?
	Only from an EC2
15. Route S3 can be used to route users to infrastructure outside of AWS
	true
16. Objects in S3 can be delivered through Amazon CloudFront
	true
17. What’s the maximum size of the S3 bucket?
	5TB
18. What is the maximum length of a file name in S3?
	UTF-8 1024 bytes long
19. When to choose C4 instances?
	High compute and Moderate Memory footprint
20. How will you secure the data at rest in EBS?
	restrict access using IAM that prevents write operations to the EBS
21. Which of the following is not true about Amazon Glacier
	Secure and durable storage for data archiving and backup
22. Difference between instance store and EBS
	once the instance is stopped and started, the data in instance storage is lost. Whereas, the data in EBS persists.
23. What does S3 stand for?
	Simple Storage Service
24. Why do you make subnets?
	To efficiently utilize networks that have a large no. of hosts
25. In S3, what does RRS stand for?
	Reduced Redundancy Storage
26. What are the uses of Amazon Glazier?
	access infrequent data and archive data
27. Amazon S3 is a,
	Key-Based object store
28. Amazon CloudFormation is a:
	Deployment and management service
29. Which service in AWS allows you to create and delete stacks of AWS resources which are defined in templates?
	CloudFormation
30. Which of the following is not true about Elastic Load Balancing
	Can be enabled only in a single availability zone
31. Autoscaling is enabled through
	CloudWatch
32. What metrics can be monitored through cloudwatch without being charged?
	disk, CPU, data transfer
33. Which of the following is not correct about CloudFront?
	CloudFront cannot serve content from a non AWS origin server
34. Which of these services will help in better availability
	SNS and SES
35. How can you restrict the access to the contents delivered in cloudfront?
	Origine Access Identity
36. What happens when content is not present at an edge location and a request is made to it?
	CloudFront delivers the content directly from the origin server and stores it in the cache of the edge location
37. Which of these services are used to distribute content to end users using a global network of edge locations?
	cloudfront
38. A highly available and scalable domain name system web service
	Amazon Route 53
39. You are serving content from CloudFront. Which of the following happens to an end user's request?
	The user's request is routed to the nearest edge location
	
40. Certain traditional software vendors to market solutions as “Cloud Computing” which does not actually meet the key characteristics highlighted by NIST. This phenomenon is known as
	Cloud-washing
41. When will you incur costs with an Elastic IP address (EIP)?
	When it is allocated and associated with a stopped instance.
42. What is boot time for an EBS backed instance?
	1 minute
43. Which is the characteristic of T2 instances?
	High baseline Performance & Low Burst performance --------- Wrong
44. Service that connects on-premises software appliances with cloud based storage
	AWS Storage Gateway
45. Which of the following can not be done using auto scaling ?
	Maintain fixed number of running ec2 ----------- Wrong
46. Does Amazon support region based services on all Services?
	False
