Ionic Framework

Which of the following is not a in-built Ionic template
NAVIGATION

Which of the following files has the ionic styles?
ionic css

Which of the following files contains all required JS files for Ionic and Angular?
ionic.bundle.min.js

Which of the following folders contains icons in Ionic?

fonts

Which of the following statement is not true about the IONIC framework?
It is built on top of Cascading, Scalding, C++ and NodeJs

Which of the following includes device APIs that allow accessing native device features like camera or maps?

CORDOVA

Which of the following classes can be used to create a button that occupies the entire width of the screen?

button-block

Which of the following tags display a button with rounded corners?
both the options

Which of the following classes can be used to group a set of items in a List?


item-divider

Which of the following classes can be used to create margin of certain number pixels around the list items?
list-inset

In a responsive Grid, which class, breaks the row of columns, when the window size is smaller than portrait tablet?

responsive-md

Which of the following CSS components are best to create a News App that displays a picture, caption with short description?

Cards

Which of the following classes defines the footer?
 bar footer

Which CSS component is ideal for creating top navigation for a mobile app?

 tabs

Ionic Grid system is responsive by default.

True

Which of the following components uses "CSS Flexible Box Layout"?
grid

Cards can contain
all 

Adding which of the following classes to the content, makes space for the header.
has-header



Which of the following interaction modes can be enabled by using ionList and ionItem directives?
all(r)


Which of the following services can be used to trigger an Action Sheet?
$ionicActionSheet(r)

Which of the following directives can be used to enable the "pull to refresh" functioality?
ion-refresher(r)

What is the ionic directive that can be used for creating a tab bar?
ion-tabs(r)

Which of the following components is a multi-page container where each page can be swiped or dragged between?
ion-slides(r)

Which of the following directives can help in using Ionic custom Scroll View, or the built in overflow scrolling of the browse?
ion-content(r)

Which of the following is a content pane that can go over the user’s main view temporarily
Back Drop(w) Action Sheet(w)

Which of the following is a slide-up pane that lets the user choose from a set of options?
Action Sheet(r)

What is the command for running an app in IOS emulator?
ionic emulate ios(r)

CLI is an extension of _________.
Node.js(r)

In Ionic CLI, which of the follow commands can be used to automatically monitor changes in the file system?
ionic serve(r)

CLI is based on _____
CORDOVA(r)